This church choir sings to the masses as they sing joyous songs from the book at a church.
A woman with a green headscarf, blue shirt and a very big grin.
An old man with a package poses in front of an advertisement.
A statue at a museum that no seems to be looking at.
A land rover is being driven across a river.
A blond-haired doctor and her African american assistant looking through new medical manuals.
A young family enjoys feeling ocean waves lap at their feet.
3 young man in hoods standing in the middle of a quiet street facing the camera.
A man reads the paper in a bar with green lighting.
Three firefighter come out of subway station.
A person wearing a straw hat, standing outside working a steel apparatus with a pile of coconuts on the ground.
Male in a blue jacket decides to lay in the grass.
During calf roping a cowboy calls off his horse.
A little boy in a gray and white striped sweater and tan pants is playing on a piece of playground equipment.
Two children are laying on a rug with some wooden bricks laid out in a square between them.
A man standing in front of a building on the phone as two men to the side pain on the side.
People jump over a mountain crevasse on a rope.
A man looking over a bicycle's rear wheel in the maintenance garage with various tools visible in the background.
Three people sit on a bench at a station, the man looks oddly at the two women, the redheaded women looks up and forward in an awkward position, and the yellow blond girl twiddles with her hair.
A child wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed child sitting in a wheelbarrow.
A person dressed in a dress with flowers and a stuffed bee attached to it, is pushing a baby stroller down the street.
People are conversing at a dining table under a canopy.
A girl playing a violin along with a group of people.
A woman within an orchestra is playing a violin.
Three boys in white shirts are walking behind an older model Ford car.
Three girls blow out the candles of a cake made of Peeps.
A crowd of people looking up at 3 people on the edge of the roof of a building.
2 kids who look related are hanging out with 1 of them looking very emotional and hugging the other.
A large number of people wearing only white and red are walking on a street.
A guy riding a motorcycle near junk cars.
Women of India performing with blue streamers, in beautiful blue costumes.
The man in the black wetsuit is walking out of the water.
Five girls and two guys are crossing a overpass.
A person with a purple shirt is painting an image of a woman on a white wall.
Two women walk down a sidewalk along a busy street in a downtown area.
Many people standing outside of a place talking to each other in front of a building that has a sign that says "HI-POINTE.".
The flight attendant dressed in yellow demonstrates life vest usage.
A man of the cloth puts a black substance on a man's forehead.
A person rolls down a hill riding a wagon as another watches.
a boy holding onto the wall of an old brick house's raised foundation.
Bruce Springsteen, with one arm outstretched, is singing in the spotlight in a dark concert hall.
Six dogs swimming in a river.
A man and woman are taking a picture of themselves while a woman in a scarf walks by them.
Men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus.
Two men climbing on a wooden scaffold.
A bird is flapping its wings on the water.
A young boy wearing a red shirt and jeans stands in the middle of a field and throws a toy plane in the air.
Six or seven people are standing on a pier with a table and a pair of glasses in the foreground.
This child is on the library steps.
The tattooed basketball player is about to dunk the ball.
A boy in a red hooded top is smiling whilst looking away from his reflection.
A newlywed couple laughing and talking amongst themselves.
Several younger people sitting in front of a statue.
A group of adults stands in the bathroom looking down a small child in the bath.
A goofy looking woman is singing on stage.
A man, woman, and child get their picture taken in front of the mountains.
Four adults eat while sitting on a tile floor.
A girl in a blue dress takes off her shoes and eats blue cotton candy.
A basketball player with green shoes is dunking the ball in the net while the arena crowd looks on.
A guy wearing jeans and a hat is crouching on a handrail with a concrete embankment located in front of him.
A group of people gathered at night watching an event.
The American footballer in yellow catches the ball whilst under pressure from the payer in white.
A person with blue hair, a baseball cap, and a hood on stands outdoors in a crowd.
A girl holding a beverage points at a painting.
A man in a black shirt, in a commercial kitchen, holding up meat he took out of a bag.
A person in a red shirt is mowing the grass with a green riding mower.
Group of people wearing black shirts riding in an open top vehicle.
Two men prepare a fish at a dock.
A large group of people walking in a busy city at night.
A woman, in red and white, and wearing glasses, sits in a room with other people.
Island native fishermen reeling in their nets after a long day's work.
These are young adults who seem to be working together to protect the plants surrounding the white pole.
Two college football players battle it out outdoors on the field during game day, where one is the quarterback trying to throw the ball, and the other player is in action about to sack the quarterback.
Two people are playing American Football and one of them is trying to stop the other from throwing the ball.
A golden dog passes a blue ball to another golden dog on the beach.
People are on an escalator waiting to get to their destination while looking outside of the glass that makes up the wall.
A woman is weaving with a comb in her hand.
A boy is riding down the road between two cows.
There are five singers on a stage, three women and two men.
Two men are standing in a boat.
The sun breaks through the trees as a child rides a swing.
Everyone on the street in the city seem to be busy doing their own thing.
A man in an apron smiles as he pokes a frying donut with a little metal stick.
A woman in tennis clothes running to hit a ball with her tennis racket.
Several women are playing volleyball.
Two women's volleyball teams are competing against each other on a salmon-colored and turquoise court while a referee in black watches.
A little boy with a blue bike helmet and a woman in a green bike helmet are riding bikes down a street with other various bike riders.
People are riding bicycles in the street, and they are all wearing helmets.
a woman in a black shirt looking at a bicycle.
Four men playing drums in very orange lighting while one of them is also drinking something out of a bottle.
A man in a one piece tunic is riding a bike in front of a sandstone wall while touching his nose.
A man is sitting in the green chair, talking on the phone, and working on the laptop, and there is construction site next to his building.
A boy hits a tennis ball on a court.
A golden retriever nurses puppies.
A man wearing a red vest is walking past a black and green fence.
These girls are having a great time looking for seashells.
A young boy with close-cropped hair, wearing a red robe, is holding a black kettle as someone is about to pour something in it.
Four people and a baby are crossing the street at a crosswalk.
A woman leans over a small fence to take a picture of a yellow flower.
Several men at a bar watch a sports game on the television.
Two roadside workers with lime green safety jackets, white hard hats and gloves on with construction cones in the background.
A woman in a black outfit lies face first on a yoga mat; several paintings are hanged on the wall, and the sun shines through a large window near her.
Children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower.
A woman wearing a bright orange blouse is weaving.
A group of people are in a rowboat in the ocean surrounded by seagulls.
A man holding a baby who is petting a pony.
Men sitting on the side of a brick road.
A black dog with a blue collar is jumping into the water.
A young girl in a yellow top and a flowered skirt is standing on a blanket and biting on a toy.
many children play in the water.
A group of kids is splashing in deep water nearby a rock formation.
a climber wearing a red headband is pulling himself up some gray rocks high above some green foliage.
The woman in the black shirt hands papers to the children surrounding her.
A young boy in green shorts balances on a pipe above a river.
A young man wearing black and carrying a skateboard looks at an outdoor skateboard park.
Young boy wearing pajamas lying down in bed and sleeping on a colorful striped pillow.
A man in a blue collared t-shirt posing at someone while holding a hebrew newspaper.
Four children are playing in some water.
Four young girls playing in the water.
The man in the black t-shirt is trying to throw something.
Four boys are about to be hit by an approaching wave.
One man, wearing a blue jacket, is kicking another man, wearing a red jacket.
Many people gathered in a room with several people on stage with instruments and the words "The Early November" on the wall.
Man wearing blue bowing on floor in front of another man in blue bowing on floor with two other men wearing blue kneeling on same floor also.
A young man in a blue T-shirt and sweatpants stands over a stove and looks at the camera while another young man stands behind him.
couples enjoying a meal, while a bunch of dogs take a nap.
A white duck expanding its wings in the water.
A group of people stand near and on a large black square on the ground with some yellow writing on it.
A man and woman sitting on the sidewalk.
A woman in a black jacket and a black and white striped skirt is watching a woman talking to a little boy sitting on concrete steps.
Man and woman eating a hotdog.
An aisle at Best Buy with an employee standing at the computer and a Geek Squad sign in the background.
A carpenter is working on a roof at a house being built.
Two little boys wearing athletic jerseys are washing their hands in a public restroom.
Two small boys in blue soccer uniforms use a wooden set of steps to wash their hands in an adult-sized bathroom.
Two men wearing dirty clothing are sitting on a sidewalk with their dog and begging for money using a cardboard sign.
Two homeless men dressed in gray sit against a wall with a sleeping dog on a purple leash.
A woman doing gymnastics, she is using the balance beam.
Six rescuers cooperate to place an injured man on a transport device in snowy, mountainous terrain.
The boys are playing with Legos.
A man and a child are purchasing ice cream from a man with a hand pushed ice cream cart.
Three men are carrying a red bag into a boat with another person and boat in the background.
A crowd of people shopping at a street market in an urban area with buildings and a statue in background.
A child is sticking her head out of the 0095 taxi cab and screaming.
Five children playing soccer chase after a ball.
A woman in red blouse is standing with small blond child in front of a small folding chalkboard.
Two people crossing by each other while kite surfing.
A variety of people are sitting around a tale doing craft projects.
A woman in black reviews a message as she walks to work.
A pro-baseball pitcher sends a curve ball to his opponent while many fans relax and enjoy the game.
A family walking with a soldier.
Violin soloists take the stage during the orchestra's opening show at the theater.
A mother and daughter walk along the side of a bridge.
Three dogs running through a field.
Three workers, with life vests and hard hats, on a boat hanging from cables over water.
A man wearing a short-sleeved blue shirt and carrying a blue backpack while using snow walking sticks treks through the snow with a woman wearing a long-sleeved blue shirt and black pants also using snow walking sticks.
A female runner dressed in blue athletic wear is running in a competition, while spectators line the street.
A young man in a blue hoodie doing a flip off of a half-wall that is covered in graffiti.
A crowd wearing orange cheering for their team in a stadium.
Female gymnasts warm up before a competition.
A worker peers out from atop a building under construction.
A young child joyfully pulls colorful tissue paper from a decorated box, looking for his present.
A young boy in red leaping into sand at a playground.
A man in a suit driving a horse-drawn buggy down a stone street.
Blond woman overlooking Seattle Space Needle scene.
An old man looking over a sculpture.
The soccer team, clad in blue for the match, began to counter down the field in front of the defender, clad in red.
Two little kids without shirts are sitting down facing each other.
Two people talking on a dock.
a young boy using a field microscope to identify a field specimen during a field trip.
A golfer is getting ready to putt on the green, with a crowd of people watching in the background.
A child in a ninja outfit does a jumping kick.
Three men are sitting outside on chairs with red seats.
A person is sitting in front of a graffiti covered wall.
A man with a long white beard is examining a camera and another man with a black shirt is in the background.
Four women are taking a walk down an icy road.
A man is shooting a gun outdoors, on what looks like a beautiful sunny day.
People seated at long tables all facing the same direction, some writing and some watching.
An elderly woman is preparing food in the kitchen.
Four women competitively rollerskating around an area.
A group of cleaners are sweeping up animal feces from the street during a parade or festival.
A man wearing a snorkel and goggles gives a thumbs up as he and another person speed through the water.
Several women wearing dresses dance in the forest.
A boy in a green shirt on a skateboard on a stone wall with graffiti.
The back of a woman wearing a white jacket with blue jeans walking towards a flock of birds.
Dog running with pet toy being chased by another dog.
Two children and a woman climb up the stairs on a metal electric pole-like structure.
A man is sitting on the floor, sleeping.
A brown dog jumps over an obstacle.
A brown dog carries an object in its mouth on a snowy hillside.
A group of people watch a breakdancer in a red jacket do a one-handed trick.
Two men in neon yellow shirts busily sawing a log in half.
Two strong men work to saw a log.
Two ladies at workout in mother nature.
A man is riding a bike along a dirt trail.
A group of people in an alley looking at the camera.
A group of consumers walking through a public market to purchase vegetables with the background of the busy store just behind them.
Two dogs stand side by side in the yard.
A man in a black shirt and brown pants is jumping in the air performing a karate kick towards a man in a red shirt and black hat.
A wet child stands in chest deep ocean water.
A man wearing dark knee boots, a green cape, and a hat with two big feathers on the front is sitting by himself on a bench in front of a building with a blue and white patterned piece of wheeled luggage to his right while he rests both his hands on a walking stick.
A tree worker with a hard hat is cutting down a branch.
A child plays with her father's boots.
A female gymnast in black and red being coached on bar skills.
A woman in a white hijab digs into the ground.
A man stands by two face structures on Easter Island.
Three women are smiling and making cupcakes.
The farmers are out working hard on their tractor, they have on their overalls and the machine is almost fixed.
Two men working on farm equipment that is being pulled by two horses.
A Skier ski-jumping while two other skiers watch his act.
Three young boys enjoying a day at the beach.
Three children hold a boy's arms down while another boy in a hat shoots a water gun at him.
A group of kids play on a colorful structure.
One confused man is standing and staring off into the distance in front of some ticket collecting machines.
Under the glaring light of a fluorescent bulb, men in dark clothing and hats approach fare card machines; one older man in a blue scarf glances up as he puts on his gloves.
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy.
A group of friends are sitting at a table while drinking alcohol at their local pub.
A person wearing a red shirt is falling off a white surfboard.
A man is walking past a large sign that says E.S.E. Electronics.
A girl wearing a scarf is brushing a horse.
A closeup view of a guitarist in a red shirt standing outside, with a group of children playing around him.
A girl in a white knit hat and winter gear rubs her tongue over her braces.
A crowd walks about a square at night with smoke or fog drifting over them.
An Asian woman enjoys a nice treat.
A schoolgirl is jumping over a low hurdle.
A woman is seen from above applying red nail polish to her toes, as they rest on a leather seat.
This person in a yellow kayak is riding the rapids.
A man in a mask in the back of a service vehicle.
A horse has fallen down on the green grass and the jockey riding on top is trying his hardest to not fall off.
Children bathe in water from large drums.
A member of a Bergwacht team leads a sled laden with orange material while on skis as his colleague stands in the foreground.
A skateboarder is performing a grab trick while hovering above a ramp, which is located within a city.
A young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride.
A woman teaching a ballet class composed of small children holding colourful scarves.
The two boys are swimming with boogie boards.
Three girls are standing and talking to each other.
Three children are playing with an illuminated water art display.
A woman is in the middle of hitting a tennis ball.
A woman with short blond-hair rises from a chair as another woman in a burgundy shirt laughs.
A person in a yellow helmet rock climbing while another person waits on the ground with the tether.
A group of children looking at the contents of a slide through a microscope displayed on a computer screen.
A group of men and boys look upwards at something.
A girl jumps in the air.
Man in red jacket is opening the door while holding his car keys.
kids are looking at something on a table.
A person dressed in winter clothes poses with a snowman surrounded by snow covered landscape.
A man is walking in the street.
The big dog is checking out the smaller dog.
A man stands speaking to a crowd of sitting people, all wearing business attire.
A woman is standing near three stores, two have beautiful artwork and the other store has Largo written on it.
A person is on a four wheeler kicking up a lot of dirt in a dune.
An expensive car is parked in what looks like a car-wash with a man standing at the open passenger door side.
Man and women standing under a red umbrella.
A man holding some sort of vegetables while his wife in a red sweater stares to the side, and his daughter in a red sweater looks at the camera.
A man in a market holding some very large green onions while smoking a cigarette.
Someone in a white and black polka dot outfit handing out small cartons of orange juice behind caution tape on a street.
A woman is chatting as she drinks her coffee.
The firemen and women wearing blue gloves have finished working on a person who is lying on ground bandaged and draped in a blue blanket.
Indian men selling food items on the sidewalk.
People sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk.
Three men are doing a musical set with wires and equipment all over the stage, and they are holding unique guitar like instruments.
A man walks with a cow down a dirt sidewalk.
A man in aerodynamic gear riding a bicycle down a road around a sharp curve.
A man is watching as a woman is reading a piece of paper.
A woman raises her arms as she looks out over the water at the setting sun.
A man in a white and gray shirt looks on as a shirtless man with a mustache cleans fish on a pale green table.
A tattooed man posing with a woman carrying a yellow handbag.
Two woman, one wearing a blue striped shirt and the other wearing a flowered shirt, are riding horses.
People are all standing together in front of a statue of an animal, and they are all wearing cool-weather clothing.
A plane flies overhead as military men stand at attention, a flag blows in the wind as a lady in red stares out towards the camera.
Someone with a long pole that appears to have a spike on the end is pointing it at a red balloon on the other side of the wall from him.
A man dances with a woman in a white egyptian costume.
The pitcher is pitching the ball in a game of baseball.
A tan dog chases a black and white soccer ball.
Some men and boys are playing with a Frisbee in a grassy area.
A musician playing a guitar and harmonica singing a song with "Whatever it Takes" written on his guitar.
A pale colored dog runs through a body of water.
A lady wearing gloves, and a ponytail cooks something while people stand and watch.
A lone person is walking in front of a white building.
Trays of freshly-baked pretzels are being loaded onto a delivery truck.
A guy in glasses is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite.
A man in a black suit with a cat on a leash is looking in a shop while the cat stands beside him staring the opposite direction of the man, as a woman in a green jacket, black pants and high heels has walked past both cat and man.
A young woman in a bikini looking at something in a glass case.
An old man talks to a street performer wearing makeup with a pet monkey.
An organ grinder, in World War I helmet and clown makeup, speaks to an older man in a blue, striped polo shirt.
A very dirty race car doing a burnout on some dirt.
A young man in jeans and a red shirt, wearing yellow gloves, holds a tree branch.
Players from two opposing teams wearing colorful cleats struggle to gain control over a ball on an AstroTurf field.
A woman in a white apron prepares various meats on a large grill.
Two dogs, the gray poodle high in the air, play on the grass.
A girl laying on the ground on her cellphone.
A man is renovating a room.
Young man performing a skateboard trick on a sidewalk in a city.
Two young girls hang tinsel on a Christmas tree in a room with blue curtains.
A boy kneeling on a skateboard riding down the street.
A man wearing a graduation cap, a suit, and an orange shawl walks in front of city shops.
Three people sitting on some stairs laughing.
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell.
Shipyard workers are standing around.
A skateboarder getting ready to perform on a half-tube rink where there are trees in the background.
A lady wearing a straw hat and gold hoop earrings is pointing a finger.
A person crossing a bridge with train tracks.
A man in a black business suit stands upright next to a man wearing blue and leaning against a railing.
A group of three people and one dog hike up a green mountainside.
A man surfs on a medium sized wave while holding a paddle that seems to steer him in the direction he wants to go.
A blue truck is driving on a desert road carrying several people and lots of assorted cargo.
A shirtless man with a white hat and no shoes sitting crisscross with his back against the wall holding up a white plastic cup.
One woman with jeans, gray shirt and sandals; with girl in all pink watching a white ball float in midair.
A woman wearing a black t-shirt and green capri pants walks in front of a giant clock.
Several people in blue scrubs and one in a skirt and black blouse.
A middle-aged man chef is in a white doorway of a mobile kitchen.
a matador in white and gold clothing and pink sock is getting hit by a raging bull.
Two adult men in black t-shirt and loud tunics hold smoking torches in preparation for an act of entertainment or celebration in a forested environment.
A patient is being worked on by doctors and nurses.
a candid photo of a young lady sitting at a restaurant table.
a boy wearing jean shorts, and a black and blue shirt, reading a book, sits on a rolling device up against a wall that says book fair, while other people stand around.
A large crowd of people talking to each other.
An older women looking off into the distance with three older women walking towards her from behind.
A homeless man carries a sign that says "hungry".
People dressed in traditional Japanese garb walk in a procession through a courtyard paved with paving stones.
A man shows off his spider-web face paint.
Man sitting on bench with a suitcase in front of PADDINGTON sign.
Boy in green pajamas play with his toy while his mother sits on the couch and watches him.
A young boy holding a red toy wearing green snowman and reindeer pajamas with an older woman on a couch behind him.
A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo.
Sports team members practice and relax on a basketball court.
Pedestrians are gazing at a display of books set out on a sidewalk under a tree.
Two people walk up to a brick building with a colorful mural on its side.
A sunglasses vendor gazes into the distance.
An Ambulance is passing a man wearing a bandanna and girl.
A young boy runs across a road in front of a sky blue building with barred windows.
Boys in what appears to be a library or school room.
3 women run in a marathon with the crowd in the background, one with the label Galina and another the label Inga, and the 3rd running close behind them in blue.
A man holding a picture of a small dog is painting a small dog in near life size on a white canvas.
A man walks along with a can of soda in his hand.
Some men in burgundy coats try to push a car in the snow.
Two children are swimming in a pool.
The man is trying to make a pottery that he can market soon.
A man in a red shirt is sitting on top of a rocky mountain.
Bicyclist ride the course near the ocean as the day comes to an end.
A person taking pictures of a young brunette girl.
A child stands in a shower with clothes on.
A solo shot of a man riding a four wheeler in an atv event.
Two men cool off under a waterfall.
A man and his son riding bikes down the sidewalk.
Three men are working with their bikes in the shoulder of a road.
A group of men are riding a moving walkway.
The man in the black shirt is showing the man in the orange shirt something that he has for sale.
A lone person in a long, black trench coat and scarf and carrying a red bag goes past an apparently-closed cafe at night, with the text "CAFE DE FLO" visible on the cafe canopy banner.
A woman holding bags behind plantains.
Three soccer players, two in orange one in yellow, running for the ball on a soccer field.
A man is sitting on the floor and is surrounded by pictures.
a woman in a brown dress looking at papers in front of a class.
A classroom of mostly women is being shown a presentation.
A swimmer is performing the breaststroke in an indoor swimming pool set up for a competition.
A young middle eastern mother in high heels, holding her young child as he lays his head on her shoulder asleep, is gazing out the window.
Three women sit together near woven walls.
A band playing on stage in a club.
A blond woman in a white shirt demonstrates her talents to a crowd.
Three young men are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts and beach attire while some people watch.
A person in full astronaut suit and gear trains in an underwater lab as a scuba diver assists.
A man gets a skateboard up on a big rock.
One woman taking a picture of a second woman as she leans on a table.
A man wearing black pants rides along a concrete ledge on rollerblades.
An elderly women is sitting in a chair on one side of a room with a group of musicians, including a cellist and guitar player, and on the other side of the room, a group of people are sitting on chairs.
A large number of people are watching men dressed in kilts, one of whom has thrown a long pole.
A man wearing a kilt has thrown a large pole.
Kids out in front of a building doing sightseeing.
A woman is lying on her stomach on a white pillow and crying.
Six men in tuxedos stand next to a black metal fence outside the back doors of a marble building.
A young boy with a shaved head and dirty white collared shirt holds a chicken in his arm.
This is a twisting, turning roller coaster ride, filled with people.
A caucasian man wearing red plaid bottoms and a black vest with large buttons with a tattoo on one arm has an upside down unicycle balancing on his mouth.
A young man waits on a bench with his bag behind a few advertisements in London.
Some children are playing soccer in front of a large wooden door.
Rock band on stage immersed in light show.
The Sooner football player carrying the ball is trying to avoid being tackled.
A group of people standing around smiling, and in the background are more people and handmade signs.
A concert with a blue shirted boy in the front and light shining in the back.
A man in a shirt and tie speaks to a group as an older woman holding a cup of coffee looks on.
A little boy with a shirt, shorts and socks on, standing on the beach.
Three women talk to each other next to another woman sitting on a motorcycle.
Male wearing brown shorts and black t-shirt in his bedroom with his feet on the desk talking on the phone.
Street vendors preparing and serving grilled food.
A male windsurfer surfing on some blue waves with his yellow surfboard and red and white sail it looks as though he is about to fall into the water because he is suspended in the air sideways.
A man is using what looks to be a fax machine.
An Asian man is praying at a Buddhist temple.
A band performing at a local bar or club.
A boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick.
A group of people wearing white robes with flame pattern posing for a picture at some sort of festival.
A woman sits in a market where she sells goods with her dog.
Two workers with leaf blowers blow orange leaves off patches of grass next to a wet sidewalk.
Workers wearing orange vests work on fence.
A man is swimming with a little girl wearing a pink life jacket in an indoor pool.
An older gentleman wearing a hat is walking on crutches next to a busy street.
A young man, wearing a T-shirt that says Joplin, plays the guitar in front of a large amplifier.
An elderly man is smiling while sitting in front of a row of soda cans.
A toddler, sitting next to another girl who is slightly older, is using a bubble machine to blow a large bubble into the air.
Two men are standing in a freshly razed field at the boundary of a forest, while a bulldozer sits idling nearby.
Man with plaid shirt staring off into the distance.
Three adults are working in a garden near a fence in the yard.
A group of people, mostly in straw hats, follow a man onto a beach covered with many large rocks.
A little girl with pointy pigtails is sitting in the sand on the beach.
A man in a gray shirt and green tie is working with his computer at his office desk.
A young boy plays on a pile of rocks.
Three dogs run through the grass while wearing colored shirts.
A woman wearing a gray jacket and visibly laughing is seated next to a woman who is wearing a dark blue sweater and is smirking.
A woman with a blue hat and blue and red jacket setting up a camera on a tripod.
A dog and a cow play together inside the fence.
People looking at their reflection and the reflection of a city in a long irregular shaped mirror.
A small child is riding in a red wagon.
A girl in a blue shirt hugging a girl also in a blue shirt.
Three males and one female are posing for a photograph with snow on the ground and mountains covered with green trees and snow in the background.
A man is riding his dirt bike through the air in the desert.
Three people wearing black blindfolds near a "Salvar O Planeta" sign.
A demolition crane tearing down what is left of a building with a man standing on a platform spraying water.
A young blond girl is eating her frozen snack while sitting on a bench next to a red stroller.
A group of people sitting and knitting.
A young Asian girl is wearing a pink dress and holding an umbrella even though it is not raining.
A young lady and group of younger girls watching a group of military men drive down the road at a parade.
A young man wearing a hoodie, pants, and athletic shoes is sitting on a red lounge chair and watching hi-def tv.
A little boy playing outside on the cement.
Woman running in a park while listening to music.
Two hockey players on opposing teams, one in a red and white jersey and one in a blue and black jersey, are standing on the rink.
People hurrying to get to work in a busy city.
An Asian woman in a hat is measuring food from barrels with a ladle into a smaller metal pan.
A man in a hard hat, gray t-shirt and holding a cordless drill saluting in front of a large American flag.
A lady in a blue and white tube top takes her own picture with a disposable camera while another lady with a bag flashes a piece sign in the background.
A man preparing to bat in a baseball game.
Woman in a blue dress and carrying a black purse, rides a scooter down the street.
Boy with red shorts getting soaked with water.
A woman in a red shirt and white skirt playing tennis.
A tennis player in blue shorts and a white shirt making an aggressive backhand swing towards the tennis ball.
A man working at the top of a telephone pole.
A nighttime street scene of a restaurant.
A man in a gray sweatshirt using a power saw.
A female marathon runner wearing a red headband, a red tank top and black shorts jogging down a paved road.
The man in the brown shirt is holding the hand of the long-haired child in front of a painting.
A group of people at a 4th of july celebration, with one man standing on a stage with american flag colored decorations around him.
Man in dark shirt, yellow shorts and yellow bandanna leaps to catch a white frisbee on a soccer court.
Female beach volleyball players on either side of a net, with one looking to spike the ball as her teammate watches with the blue sky in the background.
A crowd and two males dressed in different cultural attire playing the drums.
Two dogs are playing catch in a field.
Many people have decided to take a rest on the steps.
A group of firemen and officials prepare to turn a car right side after a crash.
Two men at a table having drinks.
A girl in a pink sundress pushes a scooter past a row of orange construction barrels.
A child is sitting on the grass by a concrete storm drain.
A man is playing drums with a band.
A couple walking down the street.
Right leg in a brace, a young boy lies on the couch while using his cellphone.
A girl wearing khakis and a red sweatshirt is jumping in the air, while she is in the forest.
A dark headed woman picking out a green flower from a large bucket full of them.
Six males, four with shirts and two without, have taken a break from their construction work on a building.
A young couple sitting in a black chair smiling.
A man in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse sign copies of books for people.
Two construction workers are working in front of a wall which has a bunch of names carved into it.
Two men playing in a beautiful lake surrounded by mountains.
A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt.
A man standing alone in a park.
A person lies in a grassy area near a building.
A boy in red and a girl pink are walking through a low cut field.
several people are bike riding.
A man with long red-hair, a brown shirt and plaid pants sells fruit in a market.
Two skateboarders, one wearing a black t-shirt and the other wearing a white t-shirt, race each other.
A biker wearing glass and a backpack rides near a fountain.
A young gymnast looks back at the audience, trying to catch a glimpse of her proud parents before starting her performance.
A woman stands smiling while holding a stuffed cat.
A child with blond-hair looking out of a screen door.
A fighter jet plane is landed outside Notre Dame cathedral at night.
A ballerina standing on the toes of one food with one arm up in the air and one leg lifted behind her.
A man is painting a city scene on a canvas in the street.
A woman is sitting down doing some sort of craft work while another person operates a large wooden loom device in the background.
A train conductor in coveralls is standing in the door of the trail.
The dogs run a race at the track.
Four entertainers dressed in Roman style garb are performing at an outdoor theater.
This off-roading driver has tipped his truck.
People shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market.
Four young children appear in this image wearing pants and shirts while they lounge in the room.
Motorcycle rider going over a bump.
Two bearded men sit side by side.
Five individuals standing on grass next to a brick building, holding their own string instrument.
Four children are sitting at a table eating breakfast.
A woman wearing a white coat skis down a snowy hill.
A lady in a white religious gown is being questioned by many people as she walks.
A lady in pink long-sleeved blouse is holding a pink bag in her lap as she reaches something to the guy next to her.
Sled and dogs headed towards another group of sled dogs with one loose.
Two men are wrestling; one has the maple leaf of the Canadian flag on his uniform.
A lady teacher warning her students about their behavior in a museum setting, and inviting them to be quiet.
A group of swimmers jump into a pool.
Two boys with blond-hair, wearing striped shirts on a bed.
Three men dressed in white shirts and white hats, (two with baseball caps, the leader with a white construction helmet), pounding sticks on steel and plastic drums.
Two men in workers' gear and colorful hard hats standing on board what appears to be a large ship, next to some very large machinery.
Fans are dressed in green and yellow for a major sporting event.
A chef is cutting a piece of fish with a chefs knife.
A crowd of people in a stadium decked out in white, yellow and green cheer and clap for the team below.
A female guitarist is playing on stage.
A man scales a rock climbing wall.
A family with young children sits down outside.
Two police officers in yellow reflective jackets are standing in a shopping zone having a conversation.
Construction workers are standing upon on a wooden bridge.
Three men dressed in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of corporate logos.
Two middle-aged police officers watch over a parking lot, at night.
A man in a black jacket standing beside a green mailbox thoroughly soiled by a group of pigeons that are nearby.
A person doing a trick on a snowboard.
A barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym.
A father and son are in a field of yellow flowers.
A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags.
A crowd of people is looking at something outside of a Gap store.
A little boy playing with two rubber chickens.
A woman with a black and white dress on is carrying a green plastic laundry basket in front of an apartment building.
The two dogs are playing catch with a red Frisbee.
There are many people in a large room with a lot of furniture with tags on them.
A woman attends to her laundry in a laundromat.
The bears are facing each other with their mouths wide open.
A man leads the way in a race.
A biker with a blue jacket, black pants, and white helmet driving on dirt while people watch.
Some elderly people are playing instruments in a park.
A child is surrounded by a field of sunflowers.
A young girl is standing in a kitchen holding a green bib.
A large black and white dog is licking a smaller white and black dog who is growling.
A bicycle rider wearing racing gear pedals a yellow bike past the wire fence at the edge of a field, with a stand of trees in the background.
A white male in and office setting, wearing a gray dress shirt and black dress pants with black dress shoes is jump roping and smiling.
A male with a prosthetic leg diving for a volleyball.
A man does a skating trick off of graffiti-filled stairs.
A crowd of people in stadium style seating appear disinterested in the venue.
Two men are working together to empty the barrel of its contents.
A young man in an orange shirt, maneuvers a skateboard at the top of a ramp.
A boy is running in a spinning metal tunnel in the playground.
A girl in a green coat walks down a rural road playing a flute.
A runner poses for a picture with friends in a parking lot.
A nurse is listening to another women's heartbeat with a stethoscope.
A boy and a woman are on top of large rocks at sunset.
A man wearing blue pants, a white helmet, and a green-striped shirt is shown on skis in midair, against a blue sky with a single puffy cloud.
Very young boy is standing outside near a water fountain that is built into the ground and is squirting water.
Two cars, one red and one blue, race each other in a very tight and competitive nature as fans stand by and watch.
A man in military uniform points as three other men watch.
A person with a green backpack is riding a bike down the road.
A woman in a blue striped shirt is talking to someone on the street.
Man racing a quad on a dirt racetrack.
A blond woman is looking at a camera that a brunette woman is holding in front of a wall with several pieces of art on it.
Using a soccer ball for support, a young boy in blue sits atop a park bench.
The player in the white dribbles the ball, while the player in the orange tries to stop him.
Women enjoying a game of table tennis.
An elderly woman wearing a skirt is picking out vegetables at a local market.
A woman wearing very formal colorful clothing and she seems to be dancing.
People standing with their bicycles.
Many roller derby players skating around the rink.
The number eight rollerskater is taking the lead and pulling away from her black and red dressed opponents.
Two men spar in martial arts gear.
people standing at a beach with Cameras.
A young child plays on a beach next to an empty chair.
A man stands by a load of boxes near a pizza restaurant.
A large crowd is gathered outside and one woman is yelling.
A girl in a black sweater and jeans pours water into an empty soda bottle.
A woman in a hooded type coat is holding a golden colored axe.
A man in jeans and a brown shirt jumps high in the air in a living room that has a fireplace and wooden floor.
Man jumping up in the air and splitting his legs with his mouth open.
Women wait under their umbrellas for customers at a fresh food market.
Construction worker looking over the job site.
A basketball player in white in red goes up for the shot as two defensive men in red jump up to block the shot.
Two people are sitting on a rock looking off into the distance.
Woman smiling while holding a book and yellow paper star.
A young girl wearing a red shirt and cap smiling and holding a small toy is standing in front of a group of children playing behind her.
A man in a tank top fixing himself a hotdog.
A shirtless man is painting over a graffiti filled wall with a paint roller.
A man on a bicycle, wearing cycle gear, riding at a fast past down paved trail surrounded by tree's and grass.
A man, wearing a cap, is pushing a cart, on which large display boards are kept, on a road.
A yellow race car sliding through a corner as spectators watch.
A man and a woman running in the street.
A woman with a bag is sitting amongst three people who are reading books.
A scientist studies a slide in order to work on her new creation.
A small quaint town all lit up during the holiday season.
A person dressed in a jacket and long pants walks down a snow-covered street in a small town.
A student in a green shirt is writing in a notebook.
Three men on mountain bikes go over a sand hill.
A man and woman in formal attire are standing in a high grass meadow, posing for the photographer.
Four men are posing behind a cash register.
A big black poodle running on the grass with a toy in its mouth.
A young boy in a cowboy hat rides a large horse.
A man wearing his traditional ethnic clothing laughs as he views a show.
A man wearing a blue shirt and headphones around his neck raises his arm.
A man rides a black motorcycle while wearing a helmet and a van rides beside him in the distance.
A red truck is parked next to a burning blue building while a man in a green vest runs toward it.
Two belly dancers perform with each other in the streets while passersby look on and watch the display.
A woman looks at a plate filled with steam.
A group of children in African clothing.
A man wearing a hat and boots is digging for something in the snow.
Indian musicians playing in the evening on a pillow, while life behind them continues.
A group of people in a room, most with computers, some raising their hands.
A group of people are walking by a van.
A boy toddler is holding a bat he is about to swing at a pinata.
Female in a military uniform with her hair tied back.
A man in a red shirt and a blue hat is sitting on a sidewalk and touching drinking glasses.
A woman in a striped shirt holds an infant.
Two young musicians play from a stage.
A team of surgeons operate on a female patient.
A woman with red-hair and large tattoo is sitting in a chair outside.
Several members of a community are celebrating with music and costumes during a festival or party.
Three young men wearing backpacks, shorts, t-shirts, sandals and hats are standing together on a sandy surface with palm trees in the distance.
A kid slides down a yellow slide into a swimming pool.
An older man is riding a bike with a blue laundry hamper full of clothes on his handlebars.
a young girl looking down through some leaves from atop a tree.
A man in glasses and an orange shirt is sitting outside next to a table with drinks on it.
A team of men re-surface a baseball diamond with specialized tools.
There are two kilted men, one of them older and is holding bagpipes with the other one with a drum.
A high school band getting ready to perform.
A thin brunette woman lounges while reading on a rooftop overlooking a cityscape.
A man with ski poles and a large camping backpack treks through the snow.
A hockey player in blue and red guarding the goal.
Two dirt bike riders, one wearing green and the other wearing blue and white, are jumping a hill.
A snowboarder making a big jump doing a trick on a high mountain.
Two ladies hiding behind their cotton candy, and smiling on the sidewalk.
Two people are riding at once on one single bicycle.
The people await to cross the street while walking the dog.
A girl with black pants on is lowering a camera onto the running track.
Bubbles surround a statue in the middle of a street.
A man visiting a friend in the hospital.
A man on a bicycle rides past a park, with a group of people in the background.
Children are playing outside in a fountain.
A boy rides his skateboard at the park.
Five children, two boys and three girls, with the girls wearing white scarves, sit on the pavement outside in front of a large window.
Two little girls reading a book at the library.
A man wearing a black beret, black coat, and black gloves takes a picture in the middle of a crowd.
A brown-haired woman in a blue shirt decorated with gold trimmings paints a picture of two windows.
A cyclist dressed in black and white is pointing.
A young man at a bowling alley posing on the scoring machine.
A local street in an Arabic country where there is a market selling Coca-Cola.
A group of women playing volleyball indoors.
A woman wearing a striped wrap is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera.
Two women competing in a roller derby with several teammates and referee in the background.
A professional baseball catcher and behind him an umpire are knelt in action position and are awaiting the pitch.
A band singing and playing electric guitar for a crowd of people.
A man is installing a roof.
Women in blue dress singing on stage.
A man sits at a table in a room.
A young man in a backwards baseball cap balances his skateboard on the edge of the concrete.
A mechanic for a race car team is working on the wheels of a race car.
Three women and two men are standing at the foot of a large staircase holding stringed instruments and a clarinet.
A man wearing a white t-shirt and shorts is rock climbing with other people wearing blue hard hats.
A man in a suit cheering in a library in front of children.
A man plays a piano painted with an image of a woman on it.
A couple look into the camera as the foreground is filled with balloons.
Fireworks light up the night as a man stands on stage.
A boy in a gray and yellow jacket is raising his hand in front of others sitting around him.
A large audience of people seated at banquet tables is watching the happenings on a stage surrounded by blue curtains.
A group of people on the street, while one man with a gray hat holds a large colorful sign with arrows.
Shirtless man with long pole navigates covered boat down a palm tree lined river past a hut.
Four African boys playing soccer.
The hockey players and referee are preparing for a face-off.
A woman in a gray kimono walks past a black car in the middle of a crowded street full of Japanese signs.
A man in a green shirt and large beige hat is supervising a newsstand that sells snacks and drinks.
A girl is swinging on a swing with blue ropes with lots of trees in the background.
One girl sips a soda while another looks on, standing on a street in front of a bunch of bicycles.
Two young ladies walking down the street together.
Everyone is getting ready to play the game.
A family smiling on the couch.
A man holds a rope for a boy who is about to climb a wall.
Two scuba divers inspecting a large metal object in the water.
A female gymnast flies off of the lower bar and is suspended in the air with her feet pointed upward.
People in motion down a city sidewalk.
One man in baseball cap looks out while two men look down.
A person waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background.
A woman in a green suit walking towards an escalator.
A smiling man is holding up a gavel.
A man is holding a book standing in front of a chalkboard.
While one man in the white cap is golfing, three other men are in the middle of a conversation.
A group of cyclists at a race with their arms around each other.
A motorist gets some air over a rough hill.
A motorcyclist is flying through the air above a dirt path.
Many people who appear to be Asian stand in line at a train station waiting patiently for the next train.
The child is hanging upside down with his legs over a pole.
A man in a pink shirt and white vest plays a guitar.
Two men in polo shirts, reading the paper.
A man wearing a denim jacket and jeans welds on a bridge above water while wearing his safety mask.
A man in tan pants is eating while sitting next to a plate and a pair of shoes.
Some people are standing on a city sidewalk at night and waiting to get on a double-decker bus.
People are waiting in line to board a double decker bus.
An Eastern vendor sits by his stall with a rooster nearby.
A boy is standing in a pool getting splashed with water.
A boy is being splashed in a swimming pool.
A baby sitting in a highchair looking delighted.
A man on a bike just launched off of a dirt ramp and is coming back down.
A young man wearing goggles is putting some liquid in a beaker while a young girl wearing blue gloves looks down while holding a pen.
Two people sitting on the sand.
A woman in a black and white shirt is sitting in a chair with an animated expression on her face.
Two men stand in a lift as four others, all dressed in black and bright yellow stripes, look up on them.
Two musicians and a singer are on a stage performing a song.
A man in a blue jacket standing at a table with his back to the camera.
A group of soldiers march in a parade.
A boy in a red shirt is squatting in front of a circle of stones with a pot in the middle.
Two men, one wearing a hat, the other wearing glasses, are fixing some sort of machine.
A man laughing while at a restaurant.
People sitting on benches in a public area.
An older man in a printed shirt, smoking on a busy street.
A man touching a hanging strand of lamps.
In front of a brick house with a straw roof, three children stand, two of them holding squares of blackboard.
A choir made up of varying ages of people are performing.
A view of bicyclists on a city street, riding in both directions, with red reflective safety cones dividing the two lanes.
A young woman in a black skirt and boots walks by stores.
A man shoveling snow off the roof of a building.
Children playing a video game together.
A man in an orange jacket reaches under a busted up blue car on wooden supports.
Two construction workers talk while looking at a Naval ship.
Two silhouetted people paddle a canoe on the ocean during sunset.
A group of boys playing street soccer.
A child in a maroon shirt playing next to a fountain.
A man wearing a welding mask working on a duct.
A man and wife stand at the altar as they get married.
Someone splashing in the water.
A woman with a pink purse walks down a crowded sidewalk.
A man talking into a microphone with a woman standing next to him.
A boy and a girl sit at a black table, while a second boy sits near them on a windowsill.
A man with his arm around a woman.
Two men are sitting on a couch.
A young man holding a microphone and singing.
A brown and black dog rubs his face in the grass.
A worker is on a cherry picker in a palm tree.
A man dressed in a blue shirt, tan shorts, and a red baseball cap is examining a red antique car with a US flag attached in the rear.
A dog chasing a duck in a pond.
Two men in punk-style clothing stand in front of a wall.
Two men have an after dinner discussion at the dinner table.
A man in a blue helmet is riding his motorcycle.
A little girl has her arms around a little boy standing on a wooden bridge in the woods.
A juggler wearing a plaid kilt and a green shirt, juggling.
A man in a green shirt and a red kilt is juggling three clubs.
Several people aare laying on the floor sleeping covered by blankets.
A musician playing his violin.
A man sits outdoors with some of his belongings.
Young boy smiles at the camera from the tire swing.
A woman and child are on a boat and the woman is looking out into the ocean through a scope.
A dark-haired man is smiling while in a storage unit while four other men stand outside the unit watching.
A group of women sing together while wearing matching black dresses.
Two dogs in a grassy field.
A man and woman talk to another woman, all looking concerned, in a room being decorated with streamers and balloons.
A man in a white t-shirt is holding a pair of sunglasses.
A music concert is happening on stage, with the lights on the performers, while the audience listens in the dark.
Two boys inside a fence jump in the air while holding a basketball.
Children play in a shallow pool next to a large image of a girl's face.
A man in a bright yellow shirt juggles while riding a unicycle.
A woman in a button-up shirt presents in front of a television.
A speaker is talking with a TV in the background.
A man standing on a street with a suitcase in front of him while another man bends down to look at what is displayed on top of it.
A young man in a blue t-shirt has a book on his knee while a woman dressed in black next to him leans in to point out something in the book.
Two men holding a Chinese lantern that is yellow and red, one man has a drill and the other is smiling.
Some people are standing in a room around a circular reception desk.
A man in a black shirt working on a guitar.
A man in the bucket of a cherry-picker cuts down branches using a chainsaw at the end of a long pole.
Two girls in winter jackets, knit hats, and gloves are outside in the snow.
A couple dressed in coats, hats, and scarves are standing in the snow.
A young boy vocalizes into a microphone held by a woman in black.
A young girl in a riding outfit is sitting on a horse holding a teddy bear.
A single man in a blue t-shirt, jeans, and a baseball cap works on a roof of a house laying shingles.
A large brown dog and a small black dog stand near each other on a dirt patch surrounded by grass and weeds.
A blond man playing a guitar.
Four cyclists are racing on an indoor racetrack all wearing the same red, white, and blue uniforms.
A man sitting on steps with a child as a bystander walks by.
Two people climb a rock overhanging water.
A tractor decorated as a float for a parade.
A dog leaps into the air for a tennis ball.
A woman with a blond ponytail and a white hat is riding a white horse inside a fence.
A skier goes down a hill with a mountain as a backdrop.
An old man sitting on grocery crates playing the guitar during the day.
A smiling man with gray hair and glasses, dressed in black, is sitting in a chair with a music stand in front of him.
A baby is looking into what looks like a telescope.
A little boy wearing a striped shirt is whispering a secret to a little girl wearing a white long-sleeved shirt.
A woman is posing in a meadow next to an old truck.
A woman in a green shirt is working within a large amount of vegetation at different stages of maturity.
Three girls jumping in front of a house's flower garden.
A young girl wearing a yellow shirt, black pants, and sneakers is jumping in a grassy field with blue skies and wispy clouds in the background.
Four young men stare up at a basketball hoop with no net in an outdoor urban basketball court.
A woman in white climbs up a metal structure.
An older man in dark blue clothing sweeps the ground while a person in a red coat and carrying a green bag enters the building.
A woman in a bathing suit is sitting on a dock over a body of water.
A girl is about to hit a tennis ball with a racket.
A young male is running while playing tennis against another person.
A woman with a cart of eggs walks in a market.
Two women, standing at a fence, are each talking on their cellphones, while two men sitting on the opposite side of the fence are having a conversation.
A man in a military uniform is walking away from a line of military vehicles.
Two men on opposing teams are playing soccer in a field.
Several people have gathered behind a group of other people who are sitting around a table.
A young girl poses with a trophy in the park.
People at a farmer's market.
Four people enjoying an art exhibit.
A little blond boy is playing doctor with toy gear.
The team swiftly moves their traditional boat down the river.
A man with a beer in his hand listens to a woman talk.
A young woman sitting on a park bench in the sun.
A blond woman sits on a park bench while wearing a brown tank top and olive green shorts.
A woman carrying a large package on her head walks in front of a building.
A small pale bird bends down to examine a crumb.
A rugby player running the ball between two downed opponents.
A person walks outside carrying a bag, while a young girl in pink walks behind her.
A man in a suit speaking to a seated woman.
A young boy using a spatula to handle meat on a grill.
A woman is taking a picture of a man.
Two hikers are backpacking up a snow slope.
Two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain.
A young man is playing a blue guitar.
A man wearing black pants and a helmet is riding a brown horse.
People waiting in line in a snowstorm.
Athletic men in matching black pants performing under the spotlight.
A small brown and white dog swimming through the pool next to a man.
Children nap on a floor while others stand by.
A woman wearing white and black carries a serving tray.
A girl playing soccer in a green field with some trees in the background.
A black dog is running through a marsh-like area.
Two men are boxing in a fighting arena.
A man tests model airplanes in an open field.
Three guys in red uniforms celebrating a goal in a soccer game.
A young boy and an adult man looking at ducks in a pond.
A young woman dressed in black attaches bags full of flowers to a bicycle.
People shopping at an outside market.
A man in a black shirt is about to cross the road while on his cellphone.
A girl in black pants doing exercises.
Family gathered together in a house enjoying each other's company.
Two men stand near a piece of large machinery.
Two men help each other cut a sheet of plastic.
A female swimmer wearing a swimming cap does the butterfly stroke.
Two boys in running clothes stretching.
A bald man with a white shirt and watch eating food and drinking wine.
Three children, two boys and a girl, are playing with the swings on a playground with residential houses in the background.
A skateboarder does a trick in midair.
Two young girls show prints of a line drawing of an animal.
Two women are reading; one has a magazine while the other is reading a hardcover book.
A woman with a bag is talking on her cellphone while standing on a street corner waiting to cross.
Firemen stand outside of their firetruck with all its lights on.
A young girl in a helmet walks barefoot across a mossy tree trunk that is lying over water.
A drummer wearing a plaid shirt, jeans, and a purple hat bangs his drum.
A man in a red raincoat is looking in the opposite direction of the camera.
Two girls playing catch on a lawn.
A woman in a black hooded sweatshirt walking with a large dog.
A group of people are ice skating in a big city.
A woman plays guitar for tips.
The cyclist rides on a wooded path.
A man wearing red sunglasses is carrying two cameras.
A barefoot man in an orange shirt, shorts, and a baseball cap is sitting on the open tailgate of a silver pickup truck.
A man walks by a building at night.
A person is sitting on the edge of a rock cliff.
A man dressed in a light blue shirt is dumping items from one bin into another while standing in a room full of food donations.
Two children work together on a project at a table.
A worker is preparing fish to be sold at a market.
A man with an afro and bandanna playing electric guitar.
A man wearing a striped shirt has a camera slung over his shoulder.
A bird is perched on a line attached to a pole.
A young boy wearing a suit and top hat is holding hands with a girl in a green dress.
Man walking a small pug.
Three people sitting at a table, one woman is speaking and people are listening.
The young lady is giving the old man a hug.
Man in plaid shirt sings into microphone while playing an acoustic guitar.
A couple stands at the top of a flight of outdoor stairs kissing.
A woman holding a newborn baby.
A woman runs on the beach.
A woman with a stroller is passing a man walking a dog.
Two people are playing wiffle ball in a suburban area.
Two women wearing ballerina attire are conversing with one another.
An old man holds up a sign.
Several bicyclists are carrying their bikes up a grassy hill.
A man in a grassy field throws a stick for a group of three brown dogs.
A man wearing a gray shirt and pink wristband plays the drums.
A woman wearing a straw hat is sitting among a variety of different foods while holding a drink.
An Asian woman is holding a cup and sitting in front of a table covered in different foods.
A woman taping a paper notice to a board.
A red hot air balloon lands in a field among a crowd.
A mother holds her newborn baby.
A young boy wearing a red shirt runs along a gravel road.
A woman is walking with a full shopping cart away from a Trader Joe's.
A rescue worker searches with a flashlight under a slab in a ruined building.
A dark-haired man in a black uniform is speaking to a man wearing a black jacket and black helmet on a motorbike.
A man is sitting at a restaurant table outdoors.
A man in a helmet and protective gear is driving a go kart on a narrow paved road.
A small child in a red jacket is sitting on a man's shoulders and holding his head.
A young man standing on one foot in colorful bowling shoes after throwing the ball.
Little girl blows bubbles in a public square.
An older gentleman looks at the camera while he is building a deck.
Two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit.
A group of runners are running towards two identical skyscrapers.
A man is sitting on a blue bench.
A young girl wearing shorts and a white tank top is fishing at a small pond with a cane pole.
A young boy plays with the contents of a pantry and a cash register, pretending he runs a grocery store.
Two men stand on stairs with an assortment of chairs and a woven basket in the foreground.
A group of people stares at a wall that is filled with drawings in a building.
People walk and bicycle down an alley between white buildings with blue trim.
A little boy in a red shirt and swim trunks plays at the beach.
An older man with glasses is playing a musical instrument while looking at the sheet music.
A silhouette stands at the top of a bowling lane as the ball is about to impact the pins while neon lights race overhead.
Two people cooking a meal together in a household kitchen.
A woman wearing glasses speaks into a microphone with another woman beside her writing.
A woman with brown hair is sitting on a bench outside a cafe.
A man in reflective sunglasses is sitting in a folding chair.
Children are sitting in chairs with a music stand in the background.
A black and white bird with a yellow beak is flying.
A group of men playing music, the man holding a guitar is talking to a man with drums.
A cement worker is working on a new sidewalk outside of a clothing store.
Older men sitting in front of a cafe looking out at the street.
A gas station and a car on fire.
Artist on street corner selling his artwork.
This is a very large vegetable stand under a white tent.
A crowd gathered around a young man who is performing.
An older man is speaking to a boy while both are sitting.
An extreme mountain biker in midair.
A man and a woman are dancing in the crowd.
A man on the ground in a push-up position, while another man in uniform squats beside him.
A man with a plaid shirt stands with his hand on his hip at the opening of a large tree.
A golfer shoots his ball out of a sand trap.
A young girl in glasses observes something in the distance.
A group of mountain climbers rests at the summit.
A boy wearing jeans, standing on rocks in a river and throwing a stone.
Four men with baseball caps and logo t-shirts laughing together at a table.
A boy in a yellow t-shirt rides a horse through a crowd of people.
A man wearing red ski pants, a black jacket, and a white helmet is skiing down a mountain.
A young woman is ordering from a red food truck.
A woman carrying a bucket of flowers.
Three kids perform a skit about camping.
Women are sitting around a table at a restaurant chatting.
A man and a woman are lying together on a grassy park field near a waterfront.
A man pulling items on a cart.
Two girls are playing in the snow and throwing snowballs.
A man is painting letters using a stencil onto a round stand-up sign.
One man with black hair and glasses, and another man with slightly graying black hair and clasped hands, are laughing.
A man with a light blue t-shirt outdoors wearing ear protection while firing a gun.
A man with a beard is sitting down playing an acoustic guitar.
A person with an umbrella observes flooded streets with cars in the water.
A little girl listens to a cellphone.
Two men on stilts and a woman twirling a ribbon lead a festive parade along the streets.
Four men in safety gear, one holding a camera, are standing on a platform.
A person in an orange shirt reaching up.
Several people wearing green shirts walk on the beach together.
The little boy stands in the middle of birds who have gathered on the sidewalk.
Four young female gymnasts dressed in black and blue leotards are preparing for their next routine.
Two people riding their bikes down a street together.
A person in a black and green outfit is riding a bicycle.
Families with strollers waiting in front of a carousel.
Two kids in blue wetsuits surf.
A youth skateboards by a mural.
A woman is cleaning up by putting dishes in the dishwasher.
A family is taking part in a walk-a-thon.
A group of people is sitting at a large table and using paintbrushes to form characters on white paper.
A boy works on a project in shop class.
Chefs prepare food on a grill in front of their customers.
A man wearing safety glasses is using a pick and hammer to sculpt a rock into art.
Three men are sitting on a beach dressed in orange with refuse carts in front of them.
A man in a blue plaid shirt with black pants is sitting on a box and holding something in his hand.
A small dog watches two big dogs playing in a field.
Group of people standing and sitting in a field of grass.
Two people are walking through a path with branches from neighboring trees overhead.
A young man sitting outside a laundromat.
A child on a swing.
A man is performing for a group in front of a white house.
A child with a yellow shirt riding a yellow bike in a city.
A little boy is riding a yellow bicycle across a town square.
Two cars are being driven in a car race.
A young female gymnast in a sequined blue and white outfit is lifting her right leg straight up in the air.
An engineer with a blue jacket and cap wears purple gloves while looking up.
A curly-haired man is talking with a blond-haired man in front of a table.
A father is teaching his son how to ride a bicycle.
Two men with graying beards share a laugh while enjoying the nice weather.
A woman sitting in an office.
Two adults hold either side of a boat at the edge of the water.
A child with wet hair is holding a butterfly decorated beach ball.
A girl in a costume is performing a dance as other girls in costumes watch.
Two dogs are playing together.
A man is holding a cigarette outdoors in front of a blue wall.
A man in a blue shirt and tan shorts is working on the control panel of an exercise bicycle.
A person sweeping stairs in a park.
Navy men stand along a red carpet and salute as their superior walks by.
A baby getting a bath in the kitchen sink.
A young couple holding hands in the park.
A man grilling a hamburger.
A man in a hat is driving a horse-drawn cart down a cobblestone street.
A person is climbing a wooden ladder on a steep rock cliff.
A white and black spotted dog is running through a grassy area.
Two women drink coffee and chat while sitting on a blanket near a rocky shore.
A girl dressed in a Halloween costume is carrying a bag of candy on someone's porch.
A man in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane.
A woman poses for a picture with a child.
A woman with a white blanket over her head is holding a baby wrapped in a blanket.
A young girl is mid jump while performing a dance routine.
A young man pouring tea into a glass jar.
Older men and women dancing in front of a stage.
A man and a woman stand in front of a Christmas tree.
A group of people standing in a restaurant.
A couple is sitting down smiling, with the woman linking arms with the man.
A man lying on the grass on a rugby field, holding a rugby ball.
A woman in a bright pink and green skirt carries a large wicker basket on her back up a stone-cobbled street.
A big dog and a smaller dog fight over a piece of fabric.
Several people talk and drink beer while sitting around a picnic table.
A person shovels the snow in the city as the snow continues to fall.
A group of people are buying fruits and vegetables from a stand located in a street market.
A brown and white dog is chained up near a red chair.
A woman in a red shirt looks at a map while a river and several boats are in the background.
A group of young boys wearing track jackets stretch their legs on a gym floor as they sit in a circle.
A group of young band members wearing black perform on instruments including the saxophone and the trombone.
The man in the sailor suit is holding literature.
A man in a jean jacket is reaching into a bag and walking past two women.
A man balances a unicycle using his face and both hands.
A man holding a pink cooler is talking to an older woman.
A woman finishing a marathon race.
Two men shining people's shoes.
A man examines a bike during a yard sale.
A young man is standing near his bike outside an ice cream shop.
A girl making a snow angel while wearing a black hat and glasses.
An elderly couple in heavy coats are looking at black and white photos displayed on a wall.
A dog plays with a stuffed animal.
A skateboarder sails over white steps.
Two men in hard hats look at a building while on the side of a street.
A woman in a dress is singing and having a good time.
A blue light rail tram goes down a busy street while pedestrians wait to cross.
A young woman wearing a yellow shirt and off-white shorts is reading a book while sitting on a park bench.
A man in a business suit has just crossed the street.
A man in a white shirt and gray slacks is hitting a golf ball on a golf course, with trees in the background.
A man wearing a black jacket stands next to a body of water.
A dog jumps over a pile of wood.
Two guys playing soccer, one in red and the other in blue.
A tennis player in a pink outfit serves the ball to her opponent.
A man sits behind a decorated table inside a room with fabrics draped down the walls.
A young girl jumps off her swing in front of a building.
A group is walking between two giant rock formations.
Four people walk across stepping stones in a body of water.
A man in a purple tie is singing.
An old man with glasses in a gray t-shirt is working on a sculpture.
A little girl drawing with chalk on a chalkboard.
A racer on a motorcycle lifts one hand in the air.
An older woman with short red hair is preparing food in a kitchen.
Men at a party hanging out on the front porch.
A man and two women are walking down a wooded path, with the man pushing a young child in a stroller.
Girls giving a presentation for a school class.
A choir of young people are singing.
A young woman with brown hair is walking and talking with a boy.
A man and a woman are on a seesaw.
The person is reading a book.
A little boy with an orange backpack walks under a tree through the woods.
A man wearing a gray tank top is collecting a red rose from a woman wearing a white dress.
A little baby wearing a blue outfit is grabbing some fruit.
A woman is applying lip makeup to another woman.
A woman in a headscarf sitting in front of a loom.
A man wearing an oxford shirt and a hat smirks.
Two girls in bathing suits are in water.
Pedestrians use the crosswalks as traffic awaits its turn at an intersection.
Two young boys are playing in a fountain in a city plaza.
A woman in a pink top is holding a glass bottle in one hand and a stuffed doll in the other.
Two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk.
Two women sitting at a table with their hands together.
People are sitting in a restaurant.
A rugby player swings his leg back to punt the ball.
A woman in a striped shirt is walking a horse across a street.
A girl in a black skirt and blue dress is watering flowers.
The little boy is smiling as he crosses a rope bridge on an obstacle course.
A woman with a blue shirt has just thrown a bowling ball.
Two men wearing identical shirts look into a classic car hood.
A woman in a purple jacket walks by two elderly men outside a cafe.
A woman in a blue jacket is dragging a child on a sled through the snow.
A black dog is swimming with a ball in his mouth.
Two dogs play in the snow.
A young boy wearing an orange jacket is sitting on a log in the fall.
Two smiling young girls wearing sunglasses are lying on the grass.
Children are playing in the street with a toy.
A person is surfing a big wave.
A soldier using binoculars in a desert.
A singer wearing a leather jacket performs on stage with dramatic lighting behind him.
A man wearing a blue shirt and a mask is handling food in a tray.
A couple walks hand-in-hand in front of a Victorian-style building.
A man in shorts and sandals is carrying a bag on his back.
A man in a red delivery truck is talking to someone in a black coat.
Three men in orange suits are doing street repairs at night.
People are hiking up a mountain.
An individual is crouched down on top of rocks underneath a blue sky.
A woman and two men, dressed professionally, are having a discussion.
People buy fruits and vegetables at an open air market.
Two workers, one in a ditch and one standing on the ground, are working in front of a house.
People with bags walk along a dirt road in front of a green building.
A young blond child wearing a black shirt is looking at the sky with a bridge and water in the background.
A choir practicing in a church.
Two men wearing black smile while a seated woman behind them looks tired.
A young boy in a red shirt is wearing a helmet while sitting on a motorcycle.
Two children play in the snow by the side of the road.
A man in a yellow shirt and helmet is mountain biking down a dusty path.
Young children play on scaffolding.
Two men working on the roof of a building with a skyline behind them.
A woman wearing a red hat is followed by a man in a red bandanna.
A man wearing a jacket is listening to headphones while walking down the sidewalk.
A man in gray is on a rocky cliff overlooking the mountains.
A group of people are camping out on some rocks.
A man in gray uniform is cutting something on the ground while a man in white uniform is watching him.
Five rodeo contestants wait their turn.
Children on the beach with their dog.
A road crew is working on a road with equipment around them.
A younger couple is walking across a crosswalk with a busy bus stop behind them.
Two men in black jackets behind a white handrail.
A man dressed all in black puts his hands on an art sculpture.
Two men, one in a blue shirt and one in a green shirt, analyze a piece of paper in a workshop area.
A wall hung with multicolored crosses is visible behind the group of young men as they converse.
A small girl is swinging.
A group of men playing rugby on the sand.
A robed dancer holding a fire stick entertains a crowd.
A woman is using a small pair of scissors on a large net.
A child bowling at the bowling alley.
Three young men in a kitchen standing around a stove, one of them is stirring something in a pot.
Two women wearing red are smiling at the camera.
A little girl in a colorful shirt holding a flower.
Three people are posing on the side of a mountain.
A female swimmer wearing a pink costume comes out of the water in a pool, making a splash.
A woman tired from her long day takes a nap on her bed.
A woman outside in the snow holds a container that produces steam.
A woman smiles while she opens a red package in front of a table with yarn on it.
Two NHL hockey players prepare to fight over a puck during a face-off.
Three bridesmaids in blue dresses hold the train of a bride's wedding dress.
Firefighters in full gear are walking up a ladder.
Three young people are sitting in a room and talking to one another.
A person with brown hair wearing a blue shirt is chiseling a design into a round brick pillar.
A man and a woman cutting dough.
A young boy wearing sandals climbs a tree.
A man in a construction vest is looking at a vehicle.
People trying to get warm.
A man with two small boys making a purchase from a woman.
Three women are dancing among the bamboo.
A man wearing noise-canceling headphones and a breathing mask works on a white sculpture.
A man wearing black is carving stone.
A little kid in a blue helmet is riding a bike with training wheels down a trail.
A woman wearing a beige sweater and black pants is talking to a man wearing black.
Two women in black enjoying a lunch in a restaurant.
A woman with red hair and a leather jacket holds a harp in front of a snowy forest.
Six people appear to be planting something in the ground.
A man with a tattoo on his arm staring to the side with vehicles and buildings behind him.
Several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses.
A baby is eating cake very messily.
A man playing a large stringed instrument on the street.
A man in a white shirt speaks into a microphone at a public event.
Three people are riding a carriage pulled by four horses.
A gymnast is using parallel bars.
A group of children playing with props.
The squirrel sits straight up in the grass.
A crowd of people at a county fair watch three men agitate a large bull.
A dog jumps to catch a red ball outside.
Two female martial artists demonstrate a kick for an audience.
Two men are sitting in a restaurant while one of them holds a piece of paper up to the camera.
A man is standing in the doorway of a building.
A woman wearing a red coat stands on a wood floor in front of several paintings while two girls sit on the floor at her feet.
Three men who appear to be Asian are conversing near a carved wall.
A little girl carries a younger girl on the sidewalk.
A lady and a man in a hat watch baseball from the stands.
People are sitting at tables.
A mountaineer is about to descend a mountain with a blue helmet on.
A woman in a red jacket walks down the street in the rain.
A bald man is getting out of a small blue car.
A man pushing a hand truck of boxes is bending over to pick up a pear.
A young boy wearing an orange uniform stands on the field near a colorful ball.
A group of men on a beach are chasing another man who is carrying a ball.
A young smiling girl is holding a stuffed animal in one hand and a candy apple in the other.
Two workers in green uniforms are standing in an alleyway.
A man wearing protective gear grinds down a large metal object.
Three children are playing on a swing in the garden.
A child looks at a cactus garden.
A man and a woman are showing their child a baby.
The three young children played with some toilet paper in the grass.
Two males and one female playing in a fountain of water.
Three men are looking forward and laughing.
A woman on the sidewalk is blocking the sun from her eyes to peer down the street.
Three children in bathing suits are playing in foam.
A couple is taking a break from bicycling.
A man with a cowboy hat and a gentleman with sunglasses on his head are seated next to each other.
A white dog is running on a rocky beach.
A man in a purple and blue shirt and shorts is getting ready to hit a golf ball.
A person strolling through an orange tinted woods with a dog.
Three men are playing soccer, two in blue uniforms and one in a bright green uniform.
The man is digging in the sand while others watch to see what he discovers.
A woman in a white wedding dress is being dressed and fitted by two other women.
A man is standing outside next to a garbage can.
A young woman is skateboarding on an outdoor basketball court in front of a mural.
A little girl runs on the beach.
Two men riding a boat in clear water on a sunny day.
A male and female, both wearing sandals, walking by a fence.
A basketball player wearing blue and red is shooting a basket while onlookers sit outside the court.
Birds flying above the rolling waves of the ocean.
Person parasailing in the ocean.
Two men in conversation while sitting at a bar.
Two men fixing a bicycle.
A man is resting in a small stream while the water pours in the background.
Two men walking in summer attire.
A young man dressed in a dark bathing suit exits from a swimming pool.
Two men are running down a road and carrying a canoe.
A woman wearing a yellow jacket skis down a snowy hill.
Two young girls are playing in the snow and having a snowball fight.
A wet dog shaking off excess water in a field.
A large group of protesters are walking down the street with signs.
A person swimming in a swimming pool.
A boy with no shirt is standing in water.
The blue kayak is being ridden over a small waterfall.
A man in a green shirt and dark pants turns around to talk to three other people.
Two ladies in matching dresses and shoes are napping on a bench next to a rolling suitcase.
A person in sunglasses, a scarf, a shirt, and jeans is walking outside.
An old woman and a young man examine their bingo cards.
A boy taking a shot while his team watches.
Two men working in a small factory.
A cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo.
A boy in a blue jacket rides a skateboard down the street.
A man in a plaid red shirt casts his fishing line out into the water.
A man in a suit gestures with his hands as he speaks to another man in a dress shirt who is holding a beverage.
A man and a woman are standing at the side of an inflatable climbing structure.
A girl wearing pink pulls weeds.
Two young boys are playing with ducks near the water.
A man wearing a blue jacket is fishing in a river.
A boy in blue shorts is poised to hit a tennis ball with a racket.
Three females, one a child, one young adult, and one middle-aged, are at a delicatessen.
A woman and a little girl look into a display case.
A man alone cross-country skis in the wilderness while wearing a large backpack.
Two dogs wearing muzzles are running.
A crowd gathers and watches a bonfire.
A boy in a hat and glasses is playing a guitar.
Two small boys dressed in tuxedos are sitting on a red carpeted floor.
A gentleman with his eyes closed is playing a flugelhorn into a microphone.
A woman wearing a red helmet is holding a rope and smiling.
Man is shaving in the mirror.
Construction workers use cables to hang from the sides of buildings.
A group of four children are petting two small turtles in the grass.
Children are petting small turtles in the grass.
A woman with green body paint is holding a green and blue hula hoop while her friend watches.
Two green-painted women perform for a crowd of onlookers.
The tennis player hits the tennis ball on the boundary line.
A police officer is on a motorcycle on the side of a street.
Three dogs run through the grass.
Two girls are kneeling on the ground.
A man is hanging sausages in a market.
People dressed in business clothing are walking by while one man with a tie is standing still and talking on his phone.
A man sitting outside playing a musical instrument.
A person holds a bunch of brush while walking down a stone path.
A man and woman look upward on a city block.
Some cars and many tents are set up at the foot of a mountain.
Four young boys are flexing for the camera.
A man is talking on a cellphone while filling his car with gas.
A young blond boy is eating cake with a spoon.
Six older women are standing in a row at a table smiling and looking through books.
An adorable child is leaping to block a soccer ball from entering the goal.
Four individuals are sitting on a small dock by the water as a boat sails by.
A women's volleyball team plays in a gymnasium.
A woman in a red dress is walking on the sidewalk.
Two girls looking into camera and smiling.
Three young Asian women walk on a rain-soaked street with traffic in the background.
A woman walking down a crowded sidewalk talking on her cellphone.
An old woman in a white hat is sitting down by a wooden building.
A street performer is entertaining a gathered audience with the help of a young boy.
Two friends having a laugh.
People are shopping around Christmas time for decorations.
A person is sitting on a yellow picnic table with a water bottle.
A yellow car drives across a snowy path.
A crowd of people stand in the street in front of a series of white tents.
A boy in a blue shirt plays in a jumping tent.
A young child dressed in winter clothing is outside playing in the snow.
An older gentleman in a hat and glasses holding a baby who is wrapped in a towel.
A young girl with purple pants and a striped jacket is climbing up a ladder made of logs.
A group of people and a dog are sitting on the steps.
A farmer tends to his chores.
A guy in a red jacket is snowboarding in midair.
An older man working at a loom.
Four women standing around a yellow table are looking at laptops.
A dad with his child and an apple pie.
Two small girls are holding stuffed animals.
The basketball player in the blue uniform is guarding the player in the orange uniform.
A young woman dressed semi-formally is reading a book and drinking in the sun, seated on a bench.
A solo cyclist is riding down a winding road.
A black and white dog jumps for a tennis ball.
A man dressed in a brown shirt and tan shorts is down on one knee looking at some machinery.
The German shepherd runs happily in the park.
A man is rolling a suitcase in front of a bunch of red flowers.
Three people in uniform are outdoors and are observing a scene.
A young boy in green is practicing kicking.
A woman is taking candy off a shelf and putting it in a box.
Two teams of men are playing basketball on a court in an empty stadium.
A man is working in an art studio and is surrounded by art supplies.
Two little girls with dark hair are sitting down eating cupcakes.
A person dressed in protective gear drives an ATV on a track.
The racing greyhounds have broken from the starting gate.
Two workers in windbreakers and vests are walking along the edge of a road.
An older man wearing a suit has his arms folded behind his back, looking in a store window.
Two men are drumming, one is standing and one is sitting down.
The brown and black dogs are carrying a large log in the meadow.
Two men renovate a brick wall outside.
A brown dog is sniffing at the fence near a brown bull.
A man on stilts is performing while onlookers enjoy.
A young woman laughs at something.
A man and a woman sleeping outside on a bench.
A man is wearing protective hair and face coverings.
Two young men are on a vast, level expanse of grass, with the man in the red shirt catching a white Frisbee.
A kid dressed in a jersey is passing a baton to another boy during a relay race.
Passengers in a rusty yellow car driving down the street.
The basketball player in red is challenging the player in white for the ball.
A child swimming in a pool.
A dog opens its mouth to catch a blue and yellow toy.
A white dog is next to a window.
A man is throwing a small white ball at some red cups.
A person walking down a lighted tunnel with a green handrail.
A young child is climbing a stack of logs.
A surfer is performing a jumping stunt in the ocean.
A man is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air with his teammate.
A woman is standing at a podium.
A man wearing a white button-down shirt is walking down the street.
A blond woman in a blue shirt looks on at an event.
A male is sitting down enjoying his coffee at a coffee shop.
A happy woman who is preparing for dinner.
A boy pushing a girl on a toy SUV.
A man wearing a black sweater and a knit cap sits in front of mountain scenery with a cloudy sky overhead.
Two girls walking, both with a white shirt and blue shorts on.
A lone bike rider is navigating a rough terrain course through dirt with trees and grass in the background.
A man waiting in an airport terminal writes on a piece of paper as others are seen behind him.
A man and a woman walking down the street holding bags and smiling.
A young woman wearing a white dress with red flowers is talking on her cellphone as she walks down a street.
A woman in a white tennis outfit is jumping up to hit the ball.
Four children are dancing around a pole in a city street.
Little kids are playing a game running around a pole.
A man on a skateboard performs a trick in the air against a bright blue sky.
A man with a duffel bag and a girl pushing a cart walk down a street.
A man wearing a brown hoodie is shopping for snacks.
A white man in a blue uniform is playing soccer on a green field.
A woman in a white dress with a white umbrella is giving something to a woman in dark blue.
It is a march of people of different backgrounds, with one man in a green shirt holding a flag.
A woman drives a bike wearing a white blouse with her hair blowing in the wind.
Two dancers in pink tops perform on stage barefoot.
A man sits on a couch beside a colorful cushion with a pencil in his hand.
A young boy in a straw hat drinks out of a plastic cup.
A man is outdoors looking directly at the camera, with a yellow flower in front of him.
A boy in a green shirt is sitting in an almost empty stadium.
A man with a beard is sitting in front of a tour bus.
A large group of people gather at a piano bar.
There are two young ladies jogging by the ocean.
A young boy in green is practicing juggling in a parking lot.
Two women in bathing suits play on the beach.
A shoeshine man works as others pass by on a busy sidewalk.
A man sitting in a uniform is looking out a window with a clipboard and computer in front of him.
A black-haired man is entertaining a crowd with a hula hoop.
Painter re-creates old works of art in a museum.
An artist is replicating another artist's work while a man looks at the original.
A woman wearing sunglasses is frowning.
A volleyball player in white and black sends the ball over the net while the opposing team tries to block it.
Four children are wearing blue hats with colored streamers.
A runner in a black and blue uniform competes in a race.
A young female is standing on the deck of a boat looking at her cellphone.
Some people are relaxing in front of a large red building.
Three men play musical instruments.
A woman lying in the grass in the park is wearing a red top and black pants.
A young boy dressed in black and green is lying in a tent outside.
A man in a blue shirt, blue jeans, and a red apron is standing at a grill.
A dusty boy runs along a dirt path through the grass.
A firefighter climbs up a ladder towards flames while surrounded by smoke.
Two men in suits standing in front of a bus, one is wearing a medal.
Rider in ceremonial garb rides a white horse with ceremonial blankets and tassels.
A woman in black is getting ready in her bathroom.
A small dog runs to catch a ball.
A man with a gray beard and a little boy are sitting on the floor looking over some papers.
A red-haired woman in a pink shirt attempts to descend a tree.
An Indian woman is dancing with her partner.
Someone in green pants is on a white snowboard in the air.
A tan dog is running through long grass in a park.
A man in gray uniform is cutting something on the ground while another man watches.
A cobblestone street lined with houses with pedestrians milling around.
An elderly male is blowing air into an object.
A boy is sitting and looking through a glass window at a train station.
A shirt booth with a man printing a shirt.
Three people are hiking up a mountain with a river and other mountains in the background.
A child getting ready to go down a slide.
A woman wearing a blue and orange coat is sitting outside on a bench in front of a red background.
A crowd is standing and cheering at a football game.
A road worker is holding a stop sign to direct traffic.
In this picture, a man appears to be falling off a bull while attempting to ride the animal.
A dog with a collar on is lying on the street.
A man wearing a long brown robe is playing the guitar while another person is sitting at the drums.
A snowboarder dressed in yellow catches some air on fresh powder.
A little girl is flipping an omelet in the kitchen.
A girl sits at a table in front of a plate of food.
A boy is posing on the soccer field.
A young man does tricks on his skateboard.
A baseball player is in the act of picking up a baseball.
A young boy in suspenders.
A black and white dog jumps up and down in the snow.
Many people on the beach are holding a very large net.
A person wearing a blue backpack stands on a field above a scenic view.
A boy stands in the middle of a crowd of teenagers.
A woman is holding a newborn baby.
The small dog is running across the lawn.
A dog is pulling a red sled across the snow.
A group of young men in a gym take turns scoring in basketball.
A bird is perched on a tree branch.
A young man is sitting under a tree while others walk down the street.
Two people are using a water buffalo to cultivate a field.
Two women are laughing and smiling while they eat a meal together.
A young girl in a black leotard is swinging on parallel bars in a gym.
A man is holding an accordion while leaning against a fence that overlooks water.
Several women in headscarves are standing in a cobbled courtyard.
Two young children wearing wool caps are whispering to each other.
A man is playing the saxophone on a street corner while people look on in the background.
A large man is sitting in front of a fountain statue while talking on a phone.
Two women are tending to their herd of animals near a stone building.
A man is eating food next to a child on a bench.
A group of people, including one man carrying a silver tripod, stand in front of a large building.
Eight tourists stand at a railing looking at an attraction.
Little boy peering into a glass display case.
A man walks into a transportation station and two officers in neon jackets stand guard.
A man is squatting in a park looking at something in the distance.
A snowboarder with a maroon coat sails through the air.
An emergency worker directs a man pulling a sled with emergency equipment on a snowy path.
The young girl is swinging on a swing, and her hair is flying out behind her.
A man in a red shirt and black tie stands up at a wedding reception to make a speech.
A woman in black walks down the street in front of a graffiti-covered wall.
A man in a striped shirt is standing behind a large pile of fruits.
A man interviews a boy in a gathering of people.
A child is being watched while getting something out of a tank.
A closeup of an older man with glasses speaking.
A skier is heading into a grove of trees.
A golden dog bounds across a snow-covered hill.
People are landscaping and gardening the areas around the walkway.
A woman wearing a purple hoodie is resting on a bench in the sunlight.
A man in a dark jacket stands next to a man reaching down into a bag.
A bearded man wearing a blue shirt is working on a fishing net.
The older woman smiles as she holds up a hammer.
A woman in a black coat eats dinner while her dog looks on.
Three kids in a forest are standing on a tree log.
Cheerleaders in blue are performing on a football field.
A girl in a blue leotard is hula hooping on a stage.
A man in an army uniform speaks into a microphone.
Workers are scattered among the scaffolding on an older building.
A couple sits in the grass.
A white duck is spreading its wings while sitting on the water.
A woman in a teal apron prepares a meal at a restaurant.
An older man in a hat is playing an accordion on the street while sitting in a chair.
Two gondola operators sit along a road in Italy.
A boy drags his sled through the snow.
A female dancer wearing all white is dancing while a photographer in all white takes her picture.
Two women are observing something together.
